And this is where, when I went to Tribulation, everything I saw in Tribulation about this temple—the Masonic temple—and this being where the people go and worship the Antichrist, how all this field will be filled with people worshiping the Antichrist every Friday.
And they go around the whole building.
You see it?
The lights are on.
Yeah, I'll pull up there really close so they can see it better.
But this temple is like hundreds of years old.
It's really old.
But this is where they will go.
And they'll have massive screens all on the side of this building so that you can worship the Antichrist on Friday.
So if you don't believe in the Rapture and you want to get left here, that's fine.
You can come here and worship the Antichrist or you can go get your head cut off because that's what's going to happen.
Not trying to be crude, but I'm just being real.
So let's turn right here.
I'll keep going around.
Like I said, the grounds—this is all the grounds of where it will be—but there was a massive screen right there, a humongous screen right there.
And it points out this way and it shows the people going that way.
It's huge.
This is a massive building.
So, I'm going to show you how big it is.
This is all the grounds.
It goes all the way around.
And the people will be lined up in single lines; the lines will go back and forth all the way across.
And there's a massive screen that is going to be on this building, the brown building right here.
One day there'll be a massive screen on that building and the people right here will see it and they will worship that way.
It goes all the way around where the people line up and they come from everywhere around this area and this little town to worship him.
See, and they have their little Scottish Rite signs there, and they come here and they have big meetings.
But this is how big it is.
Do you see all the land?
So now I'm going to show you the courthouse.
Remember I told everybody that they take down the American flag and the Antichrist makes his own flag with the black, the white, and the green and the sickle swords and the palm leaves and the five stars, which I believe represents the five pillars of Islam.
And so you will see the flag be replaced from the American flag soon, and they'll be right here on this one where the American flag is.
You're going to see it on this courthouse; they take this flag down whenever they do and they put the Antichrist flag up.
When that happens—and this is an old historic building, I think it's one of the oldest buildings in this town, it's like several hundred years old—then a couple feet away, probably 100 yards to where they will burn the Bibles one day.
This is where, in this field right here, they're going to burn the Bibles.
And that's why I told you they have a massive fire and they burn all the Bibles in that field one day.
It's humongous—the Bible tower way above and it's like a pit, this high school football stadium.
This is like a bowl field with a stadium.
It's a bowl like that, so it's really deep and it goes up, showing how big the stack of Bibles is.
And it's similar to whenever Hitler burned all the books and the Bibles.
You saw during Indiana Jones and that's similar to what I saw when I was standing with Jesus when they burn them.
And I saw the smoke.
The smoke goes up for miles.
You can see it all around from them burning all the Bibles.
And so that will come in the future.
It's coming.
I'm telling you.
And so just letting you all know, it's time to get right with Jesus before it's too late.
If your heart's not right with Jesus, you need to repent today because there's coming a time shortly that you won't have time to repent anymore.
It's over.
Jesus Christ is coming.
And I'm just telling you all, I want to be real with you all.
It's time to get real with God because Jesus is coming and the Rapture of the church is going to take place.
Now, show this again, son.
You can show it better out the front.
That's the courthouse where they bring all the Bibles in the future.
And you're mandated by the Antichrist with that flag and he's going to have his thing on there to have that done.
And so you will see that eventually in the future.
There will be a day.
I'm telling you all.
Here's another building from the Masons.
And this is another building that you will see during the Tribulation.
They will have this building for the Antichrist and for his people.
Watch.
It will happen.
Just remember I told you also who get left.
I'm not trying to be sarcastic, y'all.
It's just time to be real.
It's time to get serious.
We're running out of time.
There's a great revival that's about to happen to this earth.
And we're about to see a major outpouring of the spirit of God.
And we're going to see a billion soul harvest.
I'm telling you all, I've been in prayer interceding for the things that are coming.
And I want to show you downtown where the people will come.
Look, you can pan up downtown.
All these old brick buildings of this old historic town where the people come.
This will be a major hub.
I don't know why they pick here.
I think it's because of the Masonic temple, but a lot of people think they're part of the Illuminati and all that.
I don't know about it, but I think there's something to some of this secret society stuff.
But let's see here.
I'll show you a little bit more.
To the people who have already seen my old video, this is the stadium, but downtown there is a lot of tunnels.
There is supposed to be a lot of tunnels under this town that go clear from the morgue that's over there, the old morgue clear down here to where they ran bootleg, you know, like the whiskey, the Prohibition era.
They're supposed to have ran tunnels underneath this town that they would hide stuff in and not want to be seen.
And there's supposed to be old cars down underneath there.
And there was moonshine.
They would run moonshine.
These old buildings right here—this old building right here was one of the old saloons where they had a brothel for prostitution and liquor.
They ran liquor.
And there's a whole basement underneath there for the brothel right there.
These buildings are really, really old.
And the old post office, all this stuff, but this town's creepy.
But let them see these old buildings.
Can you see them better, son?
They're working on the sidewalks.
But look over here.
I'll show them these old buildings.
See, they're creepy old western looking buildings, the old banks and all this stuff.
And so, you can see it going down Main Street.
I can't go.
They're working on the sidewalks down here.
But just wanted to kind of show you all.
Like I said, it's already a creepy town, but this is the hot spot for the end times.
I'm telling you.
So I told you all during my Tribulation video, the first one I made, not the last one.
I forgot some of this stuff and the Holy Spirit reminded me and my son, too.
But the Lord showed me a Starbucks in this town that was going to be here.
When I had the visitation from the Lord and Jesus took me out of my body and took me to the Tribulation, there was no Starbucks.
This was back on July 6, 2014.
I had this visitation.
So, there was no Starbucks.
There was an old barbecue house there.
There was a Taco Bueno there, and then they bulldozed the Taco Bueno down and they built the Starbucks.
I told everybody for years prior to them building the Starbucks—because they just finished the Starbucks like two or three years ago now—'There will be a Starbucks right there on this corner,' and that's where I'm taking you right now.
I said, 'There will be a Starbucks there when the Antichrist is here.
' Jesus showed that to me during the Tribulation because I saw people rioting.
I told you all they were tearing things up, but I saw the thunder and the lightning; I saw the storms.
I was here with Jesus, and He showed me—I don't know why I remember certain landmarks.
This is an old church right here.
This is an old church.
You see these old churches?
It's pretty amazing what all these old churches—the old Baptist church, the old Presbyterian church, the Catholic church—and this was in the Tribulation.
I saw this when I was with Jesus.
See this old church right here?
Do you see it?
Isn't that beautiful?
That's the old Catholic church.
I'll show you this right here: there were supposedly tunnels going clear to this boys' home.
Now, you all can use your imaginations as to why they would have a tunnel from the temple to that—and I'm not going to go into all that—but why there would be a tunnel from the boys' home to the 'little boys' room.
' I don't know why there's supposed to be a tunnel that goes from this boys' home to that temple.
I just think it's kind of interesting.
Supposedly, there are these tunnels and people have talked about them.
They have supposedly knocked them down; they're not there anymore.
I don't know.
But my brother was part of the sheriff's department and they talk about stuff.
Are they able to see all these old historic houses, buddy?
Aren't they beautiful?
But this old boys' home was from the Freemasons.
They owned it and they had an old Masonic boys' home here, and it's from 1923.
See it?
Something pretty fabulous.
It's kind of creepy, but there's a lot of critters in there.
Got to anoint that place with oil and cast the devils out.
Use the whole bottle on that one—you need a whole bottle, maybe two.
We're going to anoint you with oil.
I mean, there's critters in there from everywhere.
Let me turn around so they can see it again.
A Baptist man who had a vision from the Lord supposedly bought that.
He's a very rich man, and he bought that because he knows about the revival.
The Lord spoke to him about the revival that's about to take place.
And I told everybody from the I-35 corridor clear down to Fort Worth, Texas: there will literally be millions of people coming here soon because they're fleeing what's going to happen on the East Coast and the West Coast.
Remember what I'm telling you?
It's going to happen because the Lord warned me.
I told you there's a storm coming.
And so, look, this is part of it.
He renovated this and made this into a venue for weddings and things like that.
It's absolutely gorgeous on the inside now, but the grounds are huge.
I mean, this thing is huge.
I think they had it for sale at one time, but it's absolutely beautiful.
Some of you all are what I'd call 'spiritual adrenaline junkies.
' I get your emails.
Some of you are adrenaline junkies and you get into all the spiritual weirdness about the demonic.
I do not.
I cast them out and get rid of them.
But this house right here has tons of devils in it.
If you're into it and you're into ghosts and all that stuff, which are just familiar spirits that are left, this house right here has a ton of them.
And look at that.
See that?
It's real creepy.
But there's a lot of devils in that house, too.
It is an old historic house, one of the old homes here, too.
Do you see it?
It's very creepy, but there are a lot of devils in the house and they need to have them cast out.
If anybody wants to come and do that, I guess you could talk to the owners.
They'd probably be mad at you because they make money off of them; they have ghost tours.
They're making money off the devil.
Let me show you that, and then I guess that's it for that.
Now we'll go to the Starbucks.
This is the Starbucks.
This was not here.
This was, like I told you, the barbecue house.
This was a Taco Bueno, and then they bulldozed it down and turned this into the Starbucks.
So I wanted to show you: prophetically, it looks like some things will never happen.
It looks like some things—you're going, 'Wow.
' Because, like I said, when I was with Jesus and I was standing over there by that Braum's—show them that there's a Braum's over there; it's an ice cream store.
We were standing over there in the corner, and that's whenever I was in the Tribulation with the Lord.
All this stuff was going on—rioting and all the things were happening—and I could see over here that there was a Starbucks and there was lightning in the sky.
I told you all there was lightning after the Rapture of the church.
There's a lot of lightning.
It's weird; I don't know why.
But this Starbucks was here, and just like how it's lit up right now, it was nighttime when the Tribulation happened.
Just like it's lit up right here, all that was just like that.
It was lit up and I could see it, but there was lightning in the sky.
It's a cloudy night tonight, but then there was a ton of lightning.
And so sometimes, when you're seeing in the spirit realm, what you're seeing doesn't exist yet, but just hold on; it's going to manifest.
That is what I'm trying to tell you.
It took years for what I saw to start to happen, and we're seeing it—the alien visitations of things that happened in Miami not too long ago to all kinds of things taking place.
I believe it was New York where they had some kind of something show up there, some kind of unidentified object.
They're talking about aliens, and Jesus warned this was going to start to take place.
I told you all this was going to be one of the signs of His return: to be watching the more they start talking about it, and then we're going to see some kind of manifestation of an alien encounter.
It's coming.
I'm warning of a great deception.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all; it will be a great deception, trying to explain away to the world what happened to millions of people disappearing in the Rapture.
That's what they're going to do.
They're going to tell us that aliens came and they were punished for their rebellion—because they were taken, vaporized, or gone.
We don't know; 'aliens got them.
' They're going to have to come up with an excuse for where all these people disappeared.
And that's when they introduce the Mark of the Beast.
They bring in a one-world system because when millions and millions of people—if not a billion, as I'm believing for—disappear all of a sudden, what is that going to do to the financial system?
What is that going to do to the sanity of the world?
People are going to go crazy because everybody's freaking out.
Where did all the kids go?
I told you all the kids below the age of 15 disappear.
Even if they were not born again, there was mercy on them.
And so people go, 'Well, I don't agree with the age accountability.
' That's what I saw, and it was 15 and below.
And so they all disappeared in the rapture.
All those families are looking for those children because they've disappeared.
And so I'm telling you, it's coming.
Jesus is coming.
I hope your heart's right before Him.
I hope this video shook you a little bit because that's what it's meant to do.
It's meant to get you ready because if you're not ready, you need to repent before it's too late.
You need to ask Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior before it's too late because we're running out of time and there is a day coming soon that it's going to be too late to repent.
Well, if this video shook you and you're sitting here and watching it and saying, 'How do I become a Christian?
How do I turn and do all this what he's talking about—not miss the rapture, not go through tribulation, get my head cut off, all the things that he said are coming from the drones to the hell on earth that's about to take place because we're getting so close to the Lord Jesus's return?
' How do I miss all that?
Let me tell you, it's very simple.
You say a quick little prayer with me, and you believe in your heart and you go to a Bible-believing church that teaches the word and you get baptized.
Volunteer for whatever they have going on.
Get plugged into that church with all your heart and just give it up for Jesus.
It's easy to be a Christian.
It's easy to make it in the rapture.
It's called a personal relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's not about works, lest any man should boast.
It's about grace.
It's about the grace of God.
And it's about walking your salvation out with fear and trembling.
It's about seeking Him daily and having intimacy with Jesus Christ.
And so I just want—if you don't have that, you say, 'I don't have any of those things'—well, this is how you start.
This is the opening of the door to Christianity.
Say this prayer after me.
Say, 'Jesus, I'm a sinner.
I come to you and I want you to be my Lord and my Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I'm a sinner.
Lord, forgive me.
Forgive me for all that I've done wrong.
' You're confessing your sins.
'Forgive me, Lord, for murder, for whatever it may be.
' Nothing is too big for God to forgive—adultery, murder, fornication, or gossip.
God, I thank you that you forgive me.
Just tell Him, 'Forgive me, Lord.
Forgive me.
Cleanse me with your blood from all unrighteousness.
' Father, I thank you, Lord.
You cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Write my name in that Lamb's Book of Life.
And Father, I thank you.
I make you my Lord and my Savior.
I believe that you died on the cross for me and you rose again on the third day.
You just believe it.
I believe that you forgave me.
It's easy.
We make salvation too hard.
We make it into something that it's, 'I've got to do all this.
' No.
Jesus already paid the price for it, folks.
He paid the price for you to be free.
Just say, 'I've confessed my sins.
Forgive me.
I'm a sinner.
I need you now.
' Father, after I've done that, I thank you that I'm yours.
I'm adopted into your home.
He adopts you, he washes you up, he cleanses you, and he cleans you all up.
'Holy Spirit, I invite you inside of me.
Wall to wall.
Holy Ghost, free me from all kinds of satanic bondage.
I'm free.
' The Bible says, 'Whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
' So, He sets you free and you're free indeed.
I'm not bound by any kind of devil anymore.
I'm set free by the blood of the Lamb.
And so you just believe that.
Confess with your mouth.
Believe in your heart that Jesus is your Lord and Savior and you're saved.
Now, go to church.
Find a church that believes in the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
Find a church that believes in water baptism.
Get baptized.
Go and declare your salvation to the world—declare what you've done to the world—that Jesus is your Lord and Savior by baptism.
Go and do that.
Find a church that does that and get excited about the word.
I just want to encourage you all.
It's not hard to get saved.
Get a Bible.
Download it on your phone if you don't have one.
Start reading your Bible every day and ask the Holy Spirit.
Say, 'Holy Spirit, make this word real to me according to Ephesians 1:18.
' Remember that the eyes of your understanding would be enlightened that you may know the hope of His calling on my life.
'What is it?
Let the eyes of the understanding—the word—become real to me that it's not confusing.
' Pray over your mind.
'I understand what I read.
' And just feed on the word of God daily.
Pray daily.
Seek Him, Jesus, and be real with Him.
Don't be religious.
You don't have to be religious.
'Jesus, how are you today?
How's your day today?
I had a rough day today.
I need you to give me strength.
' Again, you're not going to be perfect overnight.
Just like a child, you learn how to walk, you fall when you walk, you get up, brush yourself off, and you walk some more.
That's the same way it is to be saved.
You fall, you get back up, brush yourself off, you keep walking it out by faith.
That's how we live the Christian life.
We're all a work in progress.
Even me, I don't have it all together.
Even with how far I feel like I am with the Lord some days, then you have days that you go, 'Man, I've got a long way to go.
' That's called humility.
You just keep yourself humble before the Lord.
Humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of the Lord, and in time, He will exalt you.
So, I just want to say I love you all.
I pray that if you got born again today, please comment down below if you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Tell somebody.
Be excited about it.
It's an exciting time—a transfer from the old man to a new man, being born again.
I hope this blessed you all watching this video today.
God bless you all and thank you for watching.
Bye-bye.